today I know this looks weird but today
I'm a may be making Waldorf chicken and
salad the first thing you do is this is
chicken breast just a boneless skinless
chicken breast this is a 30 ounce
package or 1.87 Palin package all I did
was cut the chicken breast up into
strips or a bowl a little faster and I'm
gonna get it in a pan of water and boil
it once it hits boiling if you do it
about 20-25 minutes just to where it's
cooked through that's the first step so
that's the first thing I'm gonna get
this started and then when I come back
I'll show you all the ingredients but
you gotta cook your chicken first fourth
of a cup of light mayonnaise you need a
three tablespoons of fat-free sour cream
you need three tablespoons of lemon
juice now just use this this lemon juice
in the little plastic things you know
fourth of a teaspoon of salt fourth of a
teaspoon of pepper and sometimes this is
to flavor to taste so if you put a
little bit less then you know who
everything you can put more on there if
they want you need to read Delicious
apples it's about a half a pound of Red
Delicious apples make sure you get Red
Delicious because they have the good the
flavor and the texture you want so get
those a one and a half cups of cute
chicken this is a boneless skinless
chicken breast just use the whole thing
chop it up into about I don't know one
inch or half inch cubes basically that's
what you want and then you want a 1 cup
of seedless red grapes have so you're
gonna rinse those off and cut those in
half and then you want a half a cup of
diced celery think it's about 2 or 3
stalks you'll have to just measure it
out once you chop it all up and then we
would 2 tablespoons of chopped walnuts
and you really got a toast these and
I'll show you how I toast these in a pan
in just a little bit so I'm gonna get
started chopping some things up like the
apples and celery and the grapes getting
them all measured out and I'll be back
okay I'm on the last thing I'm chopping
up here's my apples I've got my chicken
measured out and we've got a cup and a
half I think of chicken got everything
else the celery chopped up nice and fine
you don't want huge hunks of celery in
there
but everything else measured out in the
grapes I'm measuring I'm cutting them
and putting them in a measuring cup you
need one cup so I'm filling up this
twice so what I do is I cut them long
ways and then I cut them sideways just
like that cuz it says halved but I like
them into four so let me get a big one
so you can see so I cut it lengthwise
like that and then while I'm holding it
I cut it side to side so then you get
these like little fourths of a cup of
grapes and those are really good to kind
of to buy they're little smaller than
bite size so it really mixes in well
with the chicken and everything you can
see I didn't use all my Apple and I
still have three like sections left what
I will probably do since I have chicken
leftover I'm gonna have plenty of grapes
and have plenty of celery I've got
plenty of everything by the way that was
about two stalks of celery was what that
was I will probably make another like
two probably two smaller batches of this
this will probably make about I think it
makes about four cups and will tell you
the calories and stuff too but I think
it makes about four cups of just this
batch and then and then all I'll make up
the rest you can see how much chicken I
have left here which is probably about
as much as that so I could probably make
two batches I've got enough Apple I
believe and maybe a little less on the
second batch from the first batch maybe
I'll grab a little bit of this and save
it because I probably scooped it over
this it was praying a little bit of a
heaping half cup when I was making them
so I could take a handful and not a huge
handful just a piece of those and sit
aside and mix it all together and do
another batch that way she's got enough
to last pretty much all week long to eat
these mills and they will last and
refrigerator for about a week so anyway
let fish give me chocolate I'll show you
how to put it all together and
touch the almonds and then putting that
walnuts and then put it all together
okay I want to show you how you toast
walnuts what I do is just get a pan this
is a nonstick pan I have I'll put it on
about medium high and on me my butt
about six a little bit higher than
medium it needs two tablespoons of
walnuts so I'm literally measuring out
my wallets because you're wanting your
calories to be measurable you know you
want to have a second set of calories
and literally I'm going to let it sit
there it doesn't look like much but they
don't add a lot of flavor and you get
really big pieces like this now what
I'll do is sometimes break them into
smaller pieces just did but spread a
little bit more and the flavor will be
there but you don't need big hunks of
walnut in there you just need small
pieces but these will once the pan
starts heating up it will you don't want
burn them
they'll do get hot pretty fast Amyas
breaking with your fingers they're not
hard
okay so while my walnuts while the
paint's waiting to heat up in seven
you'll start smelling I mean all I gotta
do is shake the pan a little bit to keep
them from sticking it's not that big a
deal you can even turn the heat up a
little bit higher if you want medium
high they can go a little bit faster you
can do that too just keep use your nose
and you'll know but you don't want to
burn them because they get bitter and so
basically to my chicken I'm gonna add my
apples and just dump them in to be bold
and I drapes and I just like to add the
fruit in the celery first I like to add
all the bigger ingredients first and
then what I do is I kind of turn this to
where it kind of mixes it all together
you know roughly mixing it together cuz
you don't want any big hunks of chicken
in there with nothing else you really
want to look at everything and then the
lemon juice the lemon juice keeps your
apples from turning brown I think that's
the only sole purpose for that actually
there now go ahead and put my sour cream
in my mayonnaise
and if you want to good dump your salt
and pepper on top too
but it's kind of sprinkled out because
you don't want a big ol about bunch of
salt and pepper I'm one place and once
you stir it up it'll be fine and this is
not gonna be a really wet wet chicken
salad it's gonna be a it's just gonna be
more for flavor than anything it's not
going to be a traditional chicken salad
it's really just for the flavor I mean
just to kind of bond is just a little
bit and then I'll stir it up more once I
got my walnuts F the walnuts are still
going over there so I'm just gonna give
them a shake
okay there you can smell you can smell
it more than anything and like I said
you don't want to burn them but you can
start smelling they start smoking just a
little bit once you get that you
literally just pour them right in you
hear a little sizzle and that will add
you wouldn't believe how much flavor
that is those flats and they have to be
toasted because they're just a regular
walnut won't to add that the full
flavors because when you toast a walnut
it brings up the oils and stuff in the
net and really brings out the flavor of
some so that's it
that's really yeah I'm gonna give it a
little taste for salt and pepper I grab
a little spoon a good ol paste and a
little bit of everything in there
perfect get that really tender chicken
that crunch of the apple and celery the
sweetness of the grace it's wonderful so
that's a perfect nice so what I'm gonna
do now is we've got these a long time
ago these some we bought these little
containers that want more I only know
they make me more they probably do
they're just Rubbermaid containers but
they have a screw on lid and there are
two cup containers if you fill it up to
this line on the inside so that's how I
portion them out now let's take a scoop
you know I get it right up until about
two cups and Tammy might want more salt
in these salt and pepper in these and
she might know a little less that's what
I'm gonna do
so I'm gonna get these divvied out and
she's got a meal for the next she need
dinner for the next four nights on this
since I made extra she might actually I
know how she is sometimes she ate this
for lunch and at dinner last time we
used to make it it'll last a good week
in the refrigerator may no longer than
that I think the apples and stuff will
tend to go Bulls start being a little
soft if you wait too long buttons but
I'm a helper you limit other to so so
anyway that's it I hope you enjoyed this
recipe I think it's a good low-calorie
I'll turn it we will come back you might
just post the calories and you want me
to come back and say what the calories
are you think whatever we may be back or
tenant as posted as text F is both the
total calories are Bo my the other
bullets no are we gonna post the total
calories for each for a 2 cup conserving
I'm sorry but you know what they are
going to hang back
I want a many calories are in each two
cup bowl is right around 230 calories we
weight everything as we were going we
calculated
based on your internet calculations for
for the different weights and turn 30
Congress is not bad for a two cup
serving of that chicken salad so hope
you enjoy and that will catch you next
time